Git Repository for 2016 Fall Comp20 (Web Programming) Labs and Assignments
Xiaoyu Shi
Professor: Ming Chow

What is this purpose of this Git repository? 

	This Git Repository contains all labs (1-8) and assignments (1-4) of Comp20 (Web Programming), Fall 2016.
	Basic aspects of the course include intoduction to HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, Git, AJAX, JQuery, node.js, MongoDB, and cyber security.

What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?

	My favorite assignment is /mbta (assignment 2 and 3). In this assignment, we are able to render the Boston MBTA Red Line and its schedules (according to a json file provided by the official website, which we serve on our server) on the map, and the subway line is made interative. Altogether we not only connected layers of web framework (front-end and back-end), but also put together a website that is of great use in real life.

How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?

	I have learned a lot from the course. I have learned how a website is structured, how clients and servers interact, and the importance of cyber security. I am most grateful for the expansion of the layers of the Internet and the behaviours underneath its structure.
	Before taking this course, I think the programming of a webpage (solely in HTML) is sufficient for understanding the Internet. However I now realize that many aspects in Web Programming still awaits my exploration, such as the study of networks, security, human-tech interaction.

What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two examples as evidence.

	With all the languages and tools introduced in this course, I figure the most important ability is to read and learn from technical instructions and manuals. For example, we are supposed to set up Heroku (web application deployment on the cloud) on our own machines according to the instructions on the official website; and we are supposed to discover new tools and frameworks (like templating, bootstrap, phaser.io) in completing the semester group project.


Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper into?

	Fortunately I took Comp116 (Introduction to Computer Security) with this course, so that I am able to practice a little of the security aspects that we covered in class into networks and on webpages (needless to say they are set up for learning purposes, not real-life ones!). Other than that, I look forward to knowing more about security and networks, while improving my web programming abilities.